title: Publications of Jun Ma

## Qiwei Li, Yanyan Jiang, Tianxiao Gu, Chang Xu, Jun Ma, Xiaoxing Ma and Jian Lu, Effectively Manifesting Concurrency Bugs in Android Apps, APSEC 2016,the 23nd Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference, 6th-9th December 2016, Hamilton, New Zealand£¬pp.209-216.
## MA Jun, TAO Xianping, LV Jian, *ReCEC: Resolving Conflicts of Environmental Constraints among Multiple Applications in a Smart Space*,  In Proceedings of the 2015 IEEE 39th Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference - Volume 02 (COMPSAC '15), Vol. 2. IEEE Computer Society, Washington, DC, USA, 784-789. 
## MA Jun, TAO Xianping, CHAO Chun, LV Jian, *Handling Influence among Multiple Applications in a Smart Space*, in Proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Ubiquitous Intelligence and Computing (UIC) 2014, Bali, Indonesia,2014.
## MA Jun, TAO Xianping, LU Jian, *Presence-pattern aware Service Selection and Composition in a Smart Space*, The Fifth Asia-Pacific Symposium on Internetware (Internetware'2013), ACM 978-1-4503-2369-7/13/10, Oct. 23-24, 2013, Changsha, China, p49-56.
## MA Jun, TAO Xianping, ZHENG Tao, LV Jian, *Enriching Context-oriented Programming with Structured Context Representation*, in Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Applications (ICPCA'2012), Istanbul, Turkey,2012.
## Chao Ma, Jiannong Cao, Lei Yang, Jun Ma and Yanxiang He, *Effective social relationship measurement based on user trajectory analysis*, in Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing, 2012, 29(1): pp.1-16.
## Chao Ma, Jiannong Cao, Lei Yang, Jun Ma, Tao Li, Junjun Kong, *An Approach to Measuring User Relationship Based on Location Trail*, Proceedings of the 7th Joint Conference on Hormonious Human Man Evironment (HHME'11), Beijing, China.
## Jun Ma and Xianping Tao, *Probe: a system for context collection, dissemination and processing*, in Proceedings of the Second Asia-Pacific Symposium on Internetware (Internetware'2010), ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 14 , 4 pages.
## Jun Ma, Liang Wang, Jingwei Xu, Xianping Tao and Jian Lu, *Artemis-FollowMe: an Agent-based Middleware for Mobile Context-aware Applications*, in Proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Applications (ICPCA'2011), Port Elizabeth, South Africa,2011.
## Jun Ma, Xuansong Li, Xianping Tao and Jian Lu, *Cluster Filtered kNN: A WLAN-based indoor positioning scheme*, in Proceedings of International Symposium on a World of Wireless, Mobile and Multimedia Networks (WoWMoM'2008).New port beach, LA, USA, pp.1-8, 23-26 June 2008.
