pages/people/junma/publications.md, before:

title: Publications of Jun Ma
**2018**

-  <img src="static/img/new.jpg" width = "40" height = "40" align=center /> Jue Wang, Yanyan Jiang, Chang Xu, Qiwei Li, Tianxiao Gu, **Jun Ma**, Xiaoxing Ma, Jian Lu, "AATT+: Effectively manifesting concurrency bugs in Android apps", Science of Computer Programming, Volume 163, 2018, Pages 1-18, ISSN 0167-6423, (DOI:[10.1016/j.scico.2018.03.008](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.scico.2018.03.008))
-  <img src="static/img/new.jpg" width = "40" height = "40" align=center />**Jun Ma**, Shaocong Liu, Yanyan Jiang, Xianping Tao, Chang Xu, and Jian Lu, “LESdroid: A tool for detecting exported service leaks of Android applications”, in Proceedings of the 26th International Conference on Program Comprehension (ICPC), to appear, 2018.([Pre-print Version](static/files/LesDroid(pre-print).pdf))

**2017**

- **MA Jun**, LIU Sheng, YUE Shengtao, TAO Xianping, and LU Jian, *LeakDAF: an Automated Tool for Detecting Leaked Activities and Fragments of Android Applications*, (DOI:[10.1109/COMPSAC.2017.161](https://doi.org/10.1109/COMPSAC.2017.161)).
- Yue Shengtao, Feng Weizan, **Ma Jun**, Jiang Yanyan, Tao Xianping, Xu Chang and Lu Jian. *RepDroid: An Automated Tool for Android Application Repackaging Detection*, (DOI: [10.1109/ICPC.2017.16](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICPC.2017.16)).

**2016**

- Qiwei Li, Yanyan Jiang, Tianxiao Gu, Chang Xu, **Jun Ma**, Xiaoxing Ma and Jian Lu, *Effectively Manifesting Concurrency Bugs in Android Apps*, APSEC 2016,the 23nd Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference, 6th-9th December 2016, Hamilton, New Zealand, pp.209-216.

**2015**

- **Ma Jun**, TAO Xianping, LV Jian, *ReCEC: Resolving Conflicts of Environmental Constraints among Multiple Applications in a Smart Space*,  In Proceedings of the 2015 IEEE 39th Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference - Volume 02 (COMPSAC '15), Vol. 2. IEEE Computer Society, Washington, DC, USA, 784-789. 

**2014**

- **Ma Jun**, TAO Xianping, CHAO Chun, LV Jian, *Handling Influence among Multiple Applications in a Smart Space*, in Proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Ubiquitous Intelligence and Computing (UIC) 2014, Bali, Indonesia,2014.

**2013**

- **Ma Jun**, TAO Xianping, LU Jian, *Presence-pattern aware Service Selection and Composition in a Smart Space*, The Fifth Asia-Pacific Symposium on Internetware (Internetware'2013), ACM 978-1-4503-2369-7/13/10, Oct. 23-24, 2013, Changsha, China, p49-56.

**2012**

- **Ma J**, Tao XP, Zhu HH, Lü J. *Enhancing multi-agent system with context-awareness*, in Journal of Software, 2012,23(11):29052922 (in Chinese)
- **Ma Jun**, TAO Xianping, ZHENG Tao, LV Jian, *Enriching Context-oriented Programming with Structured Context Representation*, in Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Applications (ICPCA'2012), Istanbul, Turkey,2012.
- Chao Ma, Jiannong Cao, Lei Yang, **Jun Ma** and Yanxiang He, *Effective social relationship measurement based on user trajectory analysis*, in Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing, 2012, 29(1): pp.1-16.

**2011**

- **Ma J**, Cao JN, Ma C, Tao XP, Lü J. *Modeling and manipulating context in pervasive computing based on set
theory*, in Journal of Software, 2011,22(Suppl.(2)):105−119.
- Chao Ma, Jiannong Cao, Lei Yang, **Jun Ma**, Tao Li, Junjun Kong, *An Approach to Measuring User Relationship Based on Location Trail*, in Proceedings of the 7th Joint Conference on Hormonious Human Man Evironment (HHME'11), Beijing, China.
- **Jun Ma**, Liang Wang, Jingwei Xu, Xianping Tao and Jian Lu, *Artemis-FollowMe: an Agent-based Middleware for Mobile Context-aware Applications*, in Proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Applications (ICPCA'2011), Port Elizabeth, South Africa,2011.

**2010**

- **Jun Ma** and Xianping Tao, *Probe: a system for context collection, dissemination and processing*, in Proceedings of the Second Asia-Pacific Symposium on Internetware (Internetware'2010), ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 14 , 4 pages.

**2008**

- **Jun Ma**, Xuansong Li, Xianping Tao and Jian Lu, *Cluster Filtered kNN: A WLAN-based indoor positioning scheme*, in Proceedings of International Symposium on a World of Wireless, Mobile and Multimedia Networks (WoWMoM'2008).New port beach, LA, USA, pp.1-8, 23-26 June 2008.

Commit message:

update my publication with two paper of WTH and YST

pages/people/junma/publications.md, after:

title: Publications of Jun Ma
**2018**

- <img src="static/img/new.jpg" width = "40" height = "40" align=center /> Shengtao Yue, Qingwei Sun, **Jun Ma**, Xianping Tao, Chang Xu, Jian Lu, "RegionDroid: A Tool for Detecting Android Application Repackaging Based on Runtime UI Region Features", in Proceedings of the 34th IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution, to appear, 2018.
- <img src="static/img/new.jpg" width = "40" height = "40" align=center /> Tianheng Wu, Liang Wang, Zhiwen Zheng, Simeng Wu, **Jun Ma**, Xianping Tao, Jian Lu, "CARMUS: Towards a General Framework for Continuous Activity Recognition with Missing Values on Smartphones", in Proceedings of the 42nd IEEE Inter  Conference on Computer, Software  & Applications(COMPSAC), to appear, 2018.
- <img src="static/img/new.jpg" width = "40" height = "40" align=center /> Jue Wang, Yanyan Jiang, Chang Xu, Qiwei Li, Tianxiao Gu, **Jun Ma**, Xiaoxing Ma, Jian Lu, "AATT+: Effectively manifesting concurrency bugs in Android apps", Science of Computer Programming, Volume 163, 2018, Pages 1-18, ISSN 0167-6423, (DOI:[10.1016/j.scico.2018.03.008](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.scico.2018.03.008))
-  <img src="static/img/new.jpg" width = "40" height = "40" align=center />**Jun Ma**, Shaocong Liu, Yanyan Jiang, Xianping Tao, Chang Xu, and Jian Lu, “LESdroid: A tool for detecting exported service leaks of Android applications”, in Proceedings of the 26th International Conference on Program Comprehension (ICPC), to appear, 2018.([Pre-print Version](static/files/LesDroid(pre-print).pdf))

**2017**

- **MA Jun**, LIU Sheng, YUE Shengtao, TAO Xianping, and LU Jian, *LeakDAF: an Automated Tool for Detecting Leaked Activities and Fragments of Android Applications*, (DOI:[10.1109/COMPSAC.2017.161](https://doi.org/10.1109/COMPSAC.2017.161)).
- Yue Shengtao, Feng Weizan, **Ma Jun**, Jiang Yanyan, Tao Xianping, Xu Chang and Lu Jian. *RepDroid: An Automated Tool for Android Application Repackaging Detection*, (DOI: [10.1109/ICPC.2017.16](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICPC.2017.16)).

**2016**

- Qiwei Li, Yanyan Jiang, Tianxiao Gu, Chang Xu, **Jun Ma**, Xiaoxing Ma and Jian Lu, *Effectively Manifesting Concurrency Bugs in Android Apps*, APSEC 2016,the 23nd Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference, 6th-9th December 2016, Hamilton, New Zealand, pp.209-216.

**2015**

- **Ma Jun**, TAO Xianping, LV Jian, *ReCEC: Resolving Conflicts of Environmental Constraints among Multiple Applications in a Smart Space*,  In Proceedings of the 2015 IEEE 39th Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference - Volume 02 (COMPSAC '15), Vol. 2. IEEE Computer Society, Washington, DC, USA, 784-789. 

**2014**

- **Ma Jun**, TAO Xianping, CHAO Chun, LV Jian, *Handling Influence among Multiple Applications in a Smart Space*, in Proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Ubiquitous Intelligence and Computing (UIC) 2014, Bali, Indonesia,2014.

**2013**

- **Ma Jun**, TAO Xianping, LU Jian, *Presence-pattern aware Service Selection and Composition in a Smart Space*, The Fifth Asia-Pacific Symposium on Internetware (Internetware'2013), ACM 978-1-4503-2369-7/13/10, Oct. 23-24, 2013, Changsha, China, p49-56.

**2012**

- **Ma J**, Tao XP, Zhu HH, Lü J. *Enhancing multi-agent system with context-awareness*, in Journal of Software, 2012,23(11):29052922 (in Chinese)
- **Ma Jun**, TAO Xianping, ZHENG Tao, LV Jian, *Enriching Context-oriented Programming with Structured Context Representation*, in Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Applications (ICPCA'2012), Istanbul, Turkey,2012.
- Chao Ma, Jiannong Cao, Lei Yang, **Jun Ma** and Yanxiang He, *Effective social relationship measurement based on user trajectory analysis*, in Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing, 2012, 29(1): pp.1-16.

**2011**

- **Ma J**, Cao JN, Ma C, Tao XP, Lü J. *Modeling and manipulating context in pervasive computing based on set
theory*, in Journal of Software, 2011,22(Suppl.(2)):105−119.
- Chao Ma, Jiannong Cao, Lei Yang, **Jun Ma**, Tao Li, Junjun Kong, *An Approach to Measuring User Relationship Based on Location Trail*, in Proceedings of the 7th Joint Conference on Hormonious Human Man Evironment (HHME'11), Beijing, China.
- **Jun Ma**, Liang Wang, Jingwei Xu, Xianping Tao and Jian Lu, *Artemis-FollowMe: an Agent-based Middleware for Mobile Context-aware Applications*, in Proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Applications (ICPCA'2011), Port Elizabeth, South Africa,2011.

**2010**

- **Jun Ma** and Xianping Tao, *Probe: a system for context collection, dissemination and processing*, in Proceedings of the Second Asia-Pacific Symposium on Internetware (Internetware'2010), ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 14 , 4 pages.

**2008**

- **Jun Ma**, Xuansong Li, Xianping Tao and Jian Lu, *Cluster Filtered kNN: A WLAN-based indoor positioning scheme*, in Proceedings of International Symposium on a World of Wireless, Mobile and Multimedia Networks (WoWMoM'2008).New port beach, LA, USA, pp.1-8, 23-26 June 2008.
